[Gwen]
Peter Parker, wherever you are,
I hope you're okay,
'cause this is my fourth call,
not to mention
the million texts I sent you.
The Science Administration
just arrived to drop off
the Blood Gem,
which you promised
to help me study with Horizon's
proprietary particle scanner.
So whatever you're doing,
please stop doing it,
and call me!
[beeps]
Hi there.
Delivery manifest lists
two people picking up.
Your friend flake on ya?
[sighs]
No.
It looks like all my friends
have more exciting things to do.
I can handle this
on my own.
[sighs]
[panting]
I'll take high,
you take low.
[grunting]
Now, why would you want this,
Mr. Purse‐Snatcher?
It seriously doesn't
match your look.
[chuckles]
Banter.
That's something Spider‐Man
taught me.
He taught you
to not be funny? Huh.
[muffled grunting]
He also taught me
words can hurt
just as much as punches.
How can you joke
when fighting crime
is so serious?
According to Spidey,
it distracts the bad guys
and makes the people you rescue
feel safe.
[scoffs]
Where is Spider‐Man anyway?
Wasn't he gonna help train me
how to use these powers too?
[scoffs]
Please!
I can Spider‐coach you
just as well as he could.
He's probably off doing,
like, Avenger‐level stuff
or something.
What?
You have notes to the police
already written?
Of course.
I'm always prepared.
It's my other superpower!
Okay, this is my last call,
Peter.
The Blood Gem's in my lap,
and if I make
any real headway
on its alleged
mystical properties,
the glory of the discovery
is 100% going to me.
Cool? Cool. See ya.
[beeps]
[chuckles]
"Spider‐Gwen."
Sounds funny now,
doesn't it?
But it sure was fun.
But that was then.
Now I'm just going
to devote myself
to world‐changing,
scientific breakthroughs.
No superpowers,
no super‐villains.
Who needs that kind
of excitement in your life
when you've got this?
[yells]
[evil laughter]
Scuse me, miss,
but I think you have
something I need.
[grunts]
[Gwen screams]
[yells]
[grunts]
Scorpion?!
What do you want?
How do you know who I am?
You realize you're dressed
like a giant scorpion, right?
And Spider‐Man taking you down
was all over the news last year?
Don't mention the bug!
Look, this doesn't
have to get messy.
Just give me
that Blood Gem.
You think I'm gonna
let a criminal take an item
of unknown power?
Yeah. 'Cause how
you gonna stop me?
Ooh, a microscope!
How scary.
Now step aside!
You first!
Ow!
[groans]
[grunts]
Gwen, get out of here.
We'll handle him.
I'm not running away.
We took down the Spot together.
I can help!
Help by getting to safety.
Let the superheroes
handle this.
I got a better idea.
[grunts]
[grunts, yells]
[both yell, grunt]
[grunts]
Hero Lesson 52:
Agility beats strength!
[yells]
[grunts]
But tails beats everything.
I'm not sure about your lessons.
[yelling]
[grunts]
I've fought the real
Spider‐Man, kiddos.
You ain't him!
[panting]
Gotta find a place to hide this.
This is either brilliant,
or I'm gonna have to buy
a new phone.
I'm done playing games!
[growls]
[grunts, yells]
[Gwen grunts]
Huh?
[grunts]
See ya!
[laughs]
[groans]
I'm guessing Scorpion
came this way.
Gwen! Are you okay?
Yeesh!
Why can't anyone
ever use a door?
I‐‐ I'm fine,
but Scorpion took
the Blood Gem.
What's a Blood Gem?
The Science Administration
found it in an ancient
dig site last year.
It supposedly gives off
strange energy.
But they needed our scanner
to test it.
So whatever
Scorpion wants it for,
it can't be good.
But I think I know‐‐
Strange energy.
Bad news. Got it.
Wait. There's‐‐
Gwen, I love
that you wanna help,
but you can't fight
villains like that
without powers.
But I don't need powers,
because‐‐
I just don't want you
to get hurt.
Fine.
Don't wanna listen to me?
I'll handle this myself.
Bet no one's ever used
a phone‐finder program
to track a super‐villain before.
Gwen for the win.
[Miles]
It looked like Scorpion
headed north from Horizon,
so let's keep
that direction.
So, we're just
winging it?
We should invent
a Spider‐Tracer or something.
Yeah, Spider‐Man already did,
but I kind of forgot
to bring 'em with me.
Wow. No offense, Miles,
but you're not exactly
the most prepared
superhero coach, are you?
Yeah. Okay. Maybe Spidey
would've been better at this.
But at least I'm here.
This is useless.
We can't just
wander the city
looking for random clues
where Scorpion went.
Okay. Let me check
police scanners
and social media,
see if there's
any sign of him.
[beeping]
But first...
Hello, Mrs. Parker?
Hey, it's Miles.
Is Pete home?
Yeah, I'll check
the lab at school.
I'm sure
he's just working late.
Except that he's not.
Spidey, where are you?
[Tinkerer]
It looks like your mission
was a success.
Delightful!
That gem‐tracker thingy
you whipped up worked great.
Of course,
had to do a little bashing.
[Tinkerer]
I'm sure.
That's why this partnership
works so well.
My brains
and your brute strength.
Heh.
Which is about to become
strengthier, right?
If "strengthier"
was a word, yes.
I've heard legends
of the Blood Gem since before
you and I bonded
over our hatred
of Spider‐Man.
Its properties haven't
been completely tested.
But based on what I've read,
if I can harness
even a sliver
of its alleged energy,
you'll find yourself
more powerful
than you could ever dream.
I can dream big, Tinkerer.
Big enough
to take down the bug!
Oh, trust me,
Spider‐Man will be no match
for the combined might
of the new and improved
Tinkerer and Scorpion.
"Scorpion and Tinkerer,"
you mean.
The two names
that Spider‐Man will regret
ever sending to prison.
What is this?
Gotta belong to the girl
I yanked this from at Horizon.
Well, she'll be
missing some texts.
You moron!
Someone could use this phone
to track us. Destroy it.
[yells]
Hurry this up!
I'm getting impatient!
That was brand new.
Okay, this is out of my league.
Time to call the big guns.
[chirps]
[Tinkerer]
It's working.
Except I'm out of time.
[beeps]
What are you waiting for?
Power me up!
Our revenge on Spider‐Man
can't wait another second.
Infusing your cells with
an untold mystical energy
isn't like using
a common hair dryer.
I must calibrate
the settings.
Huh?
[grunts]
An interloper!
The girl from the lab!
Uh...
[grunts]
[yells, grunts]
[groans]
What‐‐ What happened to me?
[growls]
Nothing happened to you!
Hmm?
[grunts]
Brilliant plan, genius.
Your power‐up doohickey
doesn't work.
This girl didn't
power up or nothing.
I told you I had to
calibrate the settings.
If this partnership's
going to work,
you need to seriously consider
going to anger management.
Hey, where are you
sneaking off to?
[grunts]
You've seen too much, girl.
You ain't getting
out of here.
[grunts]
[pants, grunts]
Wha‐‐ My spider powers
are back?
She couldn't
do that before.
Hmm. Someone owes me
an apology.
Your doohickey
really worked!
You gotta blast me with the‐‐
[grunting]
Oh, I missed having these.
[grunts]
Ouch!
[yells]
[cries out]
[grunts]
Aah!
Ha! If you guys
are done with this,
I think I'll just
take it with me.
[grunts]
[grunts, groans]
I've got it!
Now, let's not get
ahead of ourselves.
[pants, grunts]
Just like riding a bicycle.
Take that, Anya.
Huh?
[yells]
[grunts]
Whoa. Okay.
I can kind of
glide now, too?
This just keeps
getting better.
[grunts]
See ya.
[growling]
[Anya]
Excuse us.
[Miles]
Sorry.
How is a giant Scorpion dude
so hard to spot?
[sighs]
We should've gotten Gwen's help.
With her expertise
on the Blood Gem, she could
maybe track it or something.
'Cause it's not like Scorpion's
just gonna head our way.
Heads up! Scorpion's
headed your way!
[Scorpion grunting]
[tires screech]
[yells]
Bring that back!
[whimpering]
I have so many
questions right now.
[yells]
Guys, Scorpion trap!
Lock him in!
[grunting]
[straining]
[yells]
You can't stop me!
I don't know
if that's gonna hold.
Then just to be sure...
[yells]
[groans]
[grunts]
[chuckles]
High fives all around
for the Spider Team!
How...
Funny you should ask.
So, the Tinkerer‐‐
You fought
the Tinkerer too?
Who now?
Don't be
so surprised.
Remember, during Spider Island,
I had powers way before you did.
Like, two days before.
And I had powers
way before both of you.
But that's not helping me
understand what happened to you.
Well, the Tinkerer
created this to harness power
from the Blood Gem.
Based on my preliminary scans
back in my lab,
it had some sort of
transformative powers,
and somehow they triggered
my spider‐powers to come back.
Are you okay with that?
Guys, I've missed having
these powers every day.
And watching you two
swinging through the city‐‐
It's not all fun and games.
I didn't say it was.
[straining]
Shh!
We gotta get
to the police station
and take them
to the Tinkerer's lab.
Anyone have paper?
So we can leave a note.
Whoo‐hoo!
Gwen, we're not
at a playground here.
This is serious!
Lighten up, Anya.
I'm back!
Which is great.
Don't get me wrong.
But you don't see me
cheering for myself
every time I shoot a web.
Because you never lost
your powers like I did.
Imagine it. One day,
you're swinging over the city,
and the next day,
that's all gone.
Now, let's get to
the police station before
the Tinkerer leaves his lab.
Courtesy of
"your Friendly Neighborhood
Spider Team"?
[grunts]
Spiders!
[officers yell]
I'm through playing around.
The station's just
right up here.
[Tinkerer]
Sneak attack!
I wouldn't be surprised
if you did not recognize me.
You're the Tinkerer...
in a robot suit.
Well, it's not fair
for you to answer.
You just fought me.
Did the rest of you
recognize me?
Oh, so this is
that Tickler guy
you were talking about?
Mm! It's "Tinkerer"!
I'm famous.
[all grunt]
[gasps]
And ha! My banter
was only a distraction.
Clever! Now prepare
for real power.
I'm not an evil mastermind,
but making us more powerful
probably isn't
a winning plan for you.
Ha! I'm not blasting you.
[grunts, laughs]
Finally.
[evil laughter]
Now, this... is power!
[yells]
Tell me one of you
has Spider‐Man
on speed dial.
[grunts]
Are you sure
you missed all this?
Well, not
this part exactly.
[Scorpion yells]
[grunts]
Gwen!
Hey! Don't ignore me.
I can kick your butt too.
Are you okay?
[grunts]
Of course.
Spider strength.
[both grunt]
[grunts]
Nope!
Let's see Spider‐Man
ignore this.
That web‐head shows up
any time we appear on the scene.
Well, this time we're ready!
Yes! It's time
for his final round
with the Tinkerer and Scorpion.
Scorpion and Tinkerer!
You two need to agree
on your branding.
[grunts]
[whimpers]
Is all of this really just
to get Spider‐Man's attention?
Ever hear of e‐mail?
Do not mock me.
Spider‐Man probably doesn't
even have an e‐mail address.
[grunts]
Sure he does.
It's on the World Wide Web.
[grunts]
[gasps]
[thud]
He thinks
he's good at banter.
[yells, grunts]
What's Spider‐Man got to do
that's more important
than stopping us?
[growls]
[grunting]
[Tinkerer grunts]
Taste delicious defeat, kid!
"Kid"?
Hey!
Just gotta borrow this
for a second.
What? Give that‐‐
[grunts]
No one calls me "kid"!
There's gotta be a way
to reverse what the Blood Gem
did to Scorpion.
Maybe alter
the polarity on this?
Check the amp
fluctuations.
All hardwired, no access.
[growls]
Man, I missed this.
Fighting for our lives?
No. Us.
It wasn't just
my powers I missed.
You and Miles have been off,
doing your spider things,
and I was the only one left out.
I missed... you.
Well, I'd say you're back in
pretty seriously now.
[Scorpion yells]
Careful what
you wish for!
[grunts]
[yells]
[growls]
Okay,
the lesson was
agility beats strength.
Let's see if it's true!
[yells]
[cries out]
True!
[groans]
[Scorpion yelling]
What?
Am I doing something to it?
You're not taking that, girl!
That's my power source!
[yells]
[grunts]
[groans]
[cries out]
That wasn't my fault!
Oh, yeah.
[chuckles]
Heads up!
[cries out]
Why does that thing glow
every time you two touch it?
Scorpion actually said
something smart.
His "power source."
Maybe this thing's
like a battery.
It's generating our powers.
But what about the "let's drain
Scorpion's powers" plan?
[grunts]
[yells]
There's just not a feasible way
to reverse this. Come on.
[yells]
[angry grunt]
[Scorpion grunts]
[grunts]
Wonderful.
Now we're doing this
live on TV.
Perfect.
There's no way Spider‐Man
won't see this now.
[both grunt]
[grunts]
[straining]
Spider‐Man,
wherever you are,
you have one minute
to show your face,
[straining continues]
or I'll destroy
your little assistant here!
"Assistant"?
Show yourself!
No! Let her‐‐
[grunts]
You're next!
I can't reverse this device.
But I think
there's another way.
What are you doing?
If this thing's like a battery
for Scorpion's powers,
then I need
to destroy the battery.
But that would take away
your powers too.
[straining]
[grunts]
This was never
really about powers.
Thirty seconds, web‐head!
[grunts]
[crying out]
[screaming]
[groaning]
Where's Gwen?
The explosion‐‐
She has to
be here somewhere.
Oh, come on, Gwen.
[Gwen]
Wow. Nice to see
you guys care so much.
[grunts]
You're alive!
[laughs]
Either that
or I'm a ghost.
Ooh, how does that sound‐‐
"Ghost‐Spider"?
Creepy
but kind of awesome.
Weren't you supposed
to lose your powers?
Right? Maybe being directly
at the gem's blast point,
I absorbed a massive amount
of its energy,
reenergizing my dormant powers?
So, you're thinking
you became
your own power source?
Intense.
I'll definitely
have to study this.
But, guys,
I can't believe it.
Giant fight with super‐villains
in New York,
and we were the ones
who took them down.
We had to.
I mean, Spider‐Man
never showed.
Even after Scorpion
called him out.
And that's weird, right?
Even for Spider‐Man.
Yeah. Very weird.
[quiet chatter]
I think we need to apply
Planck's constant here to‐‐
Guys, check
the Daily Bugle, now.
Yet another
in a wave of bank robberies,
with Spider‐Man
still nowhere to be seen.
Is that web‐head
actually more of a menace
when he's not around?
And who will stop these crooks?
[tires screech]
Study break?
Hmm.
Huh?
[girls whooping]
[Miles]
Okay, final lesson.
We're only strengthened
when we surround ourselves
with the best people.
You got that right!